Doc: Contribution Guide Updates (#3766)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/installation/collection-installation.md

## Install Collection from Ansible Galaxy

> These instructions are for regular users to install via Ansible Galaxy. To se tup a development environment, please follow the [development tooling](../contribution/development-tooling.md) instructions. **arista.avd** can also be consumed using the ["Universal" container](../containers/overview.md#how-to-use-dev-containers). The **arista.avd** collection is available on the [Ansible Galaxy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/arista/avd) server and can be automatically installed on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions are for regular users to install via Ansible Galaxy. To set up a development environment, please follow the [development tooling](../contribution/development-tooling.md) instructions. **arista.avd** can also be consumed using the ["Universal" container](../containers/overview.md#how-to-use-dev-containers). The **arista.avd** collection is available on the [Ansible Galaxy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/arista/avd) server and can be automatically installed on your system.
```
